Task/apply autropovision over entities ngsiv2 3 (#1061)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

| `ngsiVersion`                  | `ngsiVersion`                  | optional string value used in mixed mode to switch between **NGSI-v2** and **NGSI-LD** payloads. Possible values are: `v2` or `ld`. The default is `v2`. When not running in mixed mode, this field is ignored.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `defaultEntityNameConjunction` | `defaultEntityNameConjunction` | optional string value to set default conjunction string used to compose a default `entity_name` when is not provided at device provisioning time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `autoprovision`                | `autoprovision`                | optional boolean: If true, APPEND is used upon measure arrival (thus effectively allowing autoprovisioned devices). If false, UPDATE is used open measure arrival (thus effectively avoiding autoprovisioned devices), and device is even not able to be autoprovisioned. The default is `true`. This field is optional, so if it omitted then the global IoTAgent appendModel configuration is used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `autoprovision`                | `autoprovision`                | optional boolean: If `false`, autoprovisioned devices (i.e. devices that are not created with an explicit provision operation but when the first measure arrives) are not allowed in this group. Default (in the case of omitting the field) is `true`. |
```

Removing references to appendMode, as after the last changes has no relationship with autoprovision.
